We now saw an example of the M language and of the DAX language in the last video and we actually also
used the M language in the last module
and the interesting thing that you saw in this last module and in the last video is that we didn't have
to write any M code.
Nevertheless we used a lot of functionalities that require the M code to be executed
and this all happened in the background because the query editor has a lot of pre-defined functionalities that
allow us to use that editor without writing any code.
However for the DAX, this look different.
If we wouldn't have known how to write that code, that concatenate formula for instance, then it would
have been hard to really work in the data model and because of that, I think it makes sense that we should
take a closer look at the DAX basics in the next videos to make sure that you understand both the calculated
columns and what measures are because otherwise you may not be able to work in the data model the way
you want to work in there. Now to avoid that,
let's take a closer look at that DAX formulas in the next videos.